So we have built this awesome application.
Now, the next thing definitely you want to do is deploy it, right?
So you want to deploy it to the cloud service.
We're going to deploy to this solution.
So we will be deploying the back end, front end all together into a single droplet.
So in this deployment steps I will be going through.
You can use this to deploy a full stack app or even just the front end, just the back end.
Either way, it doesn't matter.
So you will learn how to deploy to the cloud.
So this is the deployment part.
It it is it involves a lot of steps.
So I have written a tutorial which will take you from start to finish step by step.
Right.
So we will follow that article so that next time when you have to deploy again, you don't have to watch
the video.
You can just follow that article and easily deploy your full stack app any time to do it.
All right.
So you can search could continue deployment have to disclose.
So you will click on this link.
So the first thing you want to do is sign up to disclose them.
So if you don't already have account, you can use this link.
You can either click here or click here, and that will give you between 10 to 90% discount.
They always run this offer depending on the timing.
Sometimes they offer minimum 10% to 90% discount on your next billing.
Right.
So if you're signing up, make sure to click on this link.
So let me click on this one.
This one doesn't really matter.
Okay.
So you should see some kind of referral link there.
Let me just go to sign up.
And if it don't have the account, obviously you will go through all the sign up process.
But I have already created an account, so I'm going to just log in and I will see you once I'm inside
the decimal.
Just so you can see, I'm already logged in and I have open two window one here that is the tutorial
will go through the steps.
And then here you are in the loss and.
So once you signed up, you must have they must have asked you to enter the credit card details and
all that.
So once you are gone through all that, you should be able to create a droplet.
All right.
So here you come here and create a droplet to click here.
Go to the droplet.
And here first, we we just have to follow these steps.
So we're going to choose a went to the default one choose a plan.
We can choose a plan, the basic plan, the range from minimum, the range from $6 and they go up.
So you see the ram one G it two ZB and so on for our purpose, even this one should work.
But I'm just going to go with this one later on.
You can upgrade your droplet as well, but that might be a bit of a hassle if you have to.
So if can try to pick this option.
But this should also work.
But sometimes I get issue when I'm trying to run NPM, run, build to build our frontend.
So that takes a bit more memory.
So in some situations this is not enough to perform that action, otherwise usually it should be.
All right, so if we can just go with this one higher.
All right, so let me go with that one.
Next one, we can do the data center.
You can choose the the one near you.
I'm just going to leave.
There are some upsets in India, Canada, Singapore and so on.
Down.
So we had to create a password.
Security password to access is lost.
Right.
So we're going to use that with Andrew Fastow and make sure to remember this.
You need this all the time.
Then to recreate one droplet, you can give a unique name to a droplet.
Let me call it Eden.
And this club that Eden.
And there are some other options backups if you want to, you can do that.
Otherwise, you can just go ahead and create a droplet.
So you get the IP address.
This is where we're going to access this droplet.
So you can copy that and put it somewhere.
Let me just put this here from the IP address.
And you, I'm sure you the memory of Boston.
Once we have that, we can follow the steps here in the studio.
So once you sign up, do those and use this to learn by using your terminal command.
So we can do assistance into the IP address using the route.
And then later, we're going to turn this to another user.
All right, so let's open our terminal and this terminal.
Let me just put it like this.
That way I can just look in the to do it and follow everything.
All right, so I have the project run.
Let me just stop for now.
Open a new term.
Go to the root directorate and let.